Granddaughter-in-law Li Xiaojiao is the granddaughter-in-law of her father’s wife, and her husband is the father’s boss in business affairs.
It's possible. How could they be the fathers?
Where is Mrs. Cai? Who brought you here?
Do you dare to kill me in front of us?
Those things with no wink, Mrs. Father, we will never be Taishan,
You are also open to others. sorry
sorry. Who just apologized to my father for being rude?
Come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come, come, come, come, come, come
Throw these two naughty guys out
Uncle uncle go
Thank you grandma for your wisdom
Then go have dinner with grandma
What's your name? Li Jiaojiao's marital status
Is Li Jiaojiao really married to his father?
He married an ordinary man
Never showed his face in public
There has been no news of marriage either
We were all tricked by Li Jiaojiao.